
Welcome To The World Of Automation…
Boost Your Steem Earnings, Grow Your Reputation and Build Your Followership On Steemit … Even While You Sleep


Hello Fellow Steemian,

If you are reading this right now, you are most likely…
•	A Steemit account holder with a low reputation rating, low voting power and currently earn very little Steem funds from your blog posts, comments or upvotes on Steemit.

•	Have so many articles/ideas to write and post on Steemit but don’t have enough time as you’d like to do it all by yourself.

•	Earn so little or next to nothing from your Steemit activities that you’d jump at the chance of having an army of voters (curation trail) upvoting any new post you make from now on and in the future.

•	Give an arm or leg (just kidding!) to have your Steemit account running on 99% autopilot in a minute… calm down now, I’ll tell you why it’s 99% in a few minutes. Just keep on reading.

As for that last part, you read correctly. I’m talking about …
•	Posting your articles, 
•	Upvoting on posts and commenting on other  posts made by your favorite authors on Steemit, 
•	Scheduling your articles to be posted later or at specific times of your choosing.
•	Best of all, earning great, passive cash on Steemit on the side… much more than you probably would if you did it all by yourself.

I’m talking about doing all of those repetitive but time-consuming and somewhat boring task that needs to be carried out daily on your Steemit accounts  in order to generate Steem Currency or Steem Power, and also boost your Steem reputation too while you’re at it…

                               …All Of These Done Automatically, Every Single Time Of Day, Every Single Day Of The Week.
                               
Oh and by the way, concerning the 99% automation, the remaining 1%? That’s your job… but be a little more patient, I’ll explain it all in a minute. Trust me when I tell you that it’s so simple that you might get annoyed with yourself for not know this sooner.

Look, there are many processes involved in making the big bucks on Steemit but the one thing I can guarantee you that the Big Dogs use is “AUTOMATION”.

They automate almost everything they do on Steemit… posting articles, commenting, upvoting on theirs or other people’s posts… everything and anything that needs to be done on a daily basis to boost their reputation, earnings and followers…
                             
                                   … It’s all on Autopilot…!
                                     
                                     Click here to Sign Up Now 

Can you even imagine the financial and psychological advantage these guys have over guys like you?

I bet you can’t… but you know the best/worst part of it all (depending on your perspective)?

                                            It’s All Totally Free to Set up and Use…
                                            
                                            Click here to Sign Up Now 

All of this is done using a web application created specifically foe Steemit.com and its sister websites on the Steem Blockchain Platform.

This app is none other than SteemAuto.

With SteemAuto, you get to 

•	Schedule Posts:
Your time is money, so schedule your posts in advance, and with the help of SteemAuto you can publish your post whenever you want. 
Write and plan in advance...leave the rest to SteemAuto.

•	Grow your Fan base and Follow Curation Trails:
Follow curation trails and automatically upvote posts that your trail upvotes, or add your favorite authors to your fan base and automatically upvote every one of their posts. Using these two features can help maximize your curation rewards.

•	Claim Your Steemit Rewards Automatically
Don't have time to check your Steem blog? No worries! We can claim the post rewards for you and automatically send them to your Steem wallet.
You only need to set it up once and do some tweaking as time goes on. Remember that 1% stuff I was talking about earlier on? 
Well this is it. Just set it up once and let Steemauto do the rest.
Click here to Sign Up Now 

“But what about my wallet”… I hear you ask.
“Is it safe to use? Will my Steem earnings be secure?”

                      The Answer Is Yes.

To open, setup and enable your Steemit.com account on autopilot using Steemauto, only your Steemit posting authority is required.

This posting authorization only allows a connected user to post articles, comment and upvote on posts or comments. 
Your Steem wallet is inaccessible when your account is logged in on Steemauto using the posting authority.

So yes, your Steemit funds are perfectly safe and secure from any unauthorized activity from SteemAuto.

The big earners use SteemAuto. 

Why…?
                                                          
                                 …Because It Frees Up Their Time.

Gives them ample freedom to do other family, work or fun stuff that needs their attention, especially those things that needs them to be offline for some time each day… but still maintain a solid presence on Steemit every single day and generate those steem earnings…… Even While They Sleep…!

If You want to start getting the results they enjoy right now, you need to do what they do. Open an account with Steemauto and automate your account... just like they do.

It’s All Free To Join So Click Here To Sign Up Now 



